README.md, before:

# Sick-Fits: An ecommerce example site.

## Table of Contents

- [Overview](#overview)
- [Tech](#tech)
- [Questions](#questions)
- [Development](#development)
- [Tests](#tests)
- [License](#license)

## Overview

Sick-Fits is a simple ecommerce site used to help me learn TypeScript on the backend, Next.js, and GraphQL.

With the TypeScript I was able to further reduce any bugs that might come into play when creating a backend database with APIs.

Keystone is a great UI for the backend side of things allowing users to add things through a simple page rather then needing to navigate the site if they choose to do so.

### [Live URL](https://fake-supreme.herokuapp.com/)

## Tech

- [NextJS] - The frontend framework used.
- [KeystoneJS] - Backend server and UI.
- [node.js] - Evented I/O for the backend.
- [Mongoose/MongoDB] - Database.
- [Styled_Components] - Styling individual components without needing to make them their own file.
- [Cloudinary] - Image Database.
- [Stripe] - Payment Intergration.
- [Heroku] - For deployment.

## Questions

If you have any questions or concerns reach out to us at our Githubs.

- [Taani Maama](https://github.com/AstralGnome)

## Development

- [ ] Further develop checkout to be page and system with PayPal integration
- [ ] Mobile Responsive. It's a bit wonky at the moment.
- [ ] Styling that makes more of a modern site rather then the templated Sick Fits.
- [ ] Switch over frontend to TypeScript.
- [ ] Organize Components folder.
- [ ] Better comments.

## Tests

Currently no tests, but will update in the future with checkout and database tests.

## License

MIT

Commit message:

Updated the README.md with checklist in the Development section.

README.md, after:

# Sick-Fits: An ecommerce example site.

## Table of Contents

- [Overview](#overview)
- [Tech](#tech)
- [Questions](#questions)
- [Development](#development)
- [Tests](#tests)
- [License](#license)

## Overview

Sick-Fits is a simple ecommerce site used to help me learn TypeScript on the backend, Next.js, and GraphQL.

With the TypeScript I was able to further reduce any bugs that might come into play when creating a backend database with APIs.

Keystone is a great UI for the backend side of things allowing users to add things through a simple page rather then needing to navigate the site if they choose to do so.

### [Live URL](https://fake-supreme.herokuapp.com/)

## Tech

- [NextJS] - The frontend framework used.
- [KeystoneJS] - Backend server and UI.
- [node.js] - Evented I/O for the backend.
- [Mongoose/MongoDB] - Database.
- [Styled_Components] - Styling individual components with CSS code right in the JS.
- [Cloudinary] - Image Database.
- [Stripe] - Payment Intergration.
- [Heroku] - For frontend deployment.

## Questions

If you have any questions or concerns reach out to us at our Githubs.

- [Taani Maama](https://github.com/AstralGnome)

## Development

- [ ] Further develop checkout to be page and system with PayPal integration
- [ ] Mobile Responsive. It's a bit wonky at the moment.
- [ ] Styling that makes more of a modern site rather then the templated Sick Fits.
- [ ] Switch over frontend to TypeScript.
- [ ] Organize Components folder.
- [ ] Better comments.

## Tests

Currently no tests, but will update in the future with checkout and database tests.

## License

MIT
